Criss-cross,
are you available to help us?
-Okay! I'll help you.
-[gasps]
If you really want,
I'll protect Jolyne.
[F.F] I'm gonna take
this creepy old geezer out.
Direction facing southeast,
127 degrees,
30 minutes, 20 seconds.
[gunshots]
Just be aware,
you won't survive this time.
[gasps]
West-southwest,
225 degrees, 0 minutes.
Hey, F.F.,
he's right behind you!
I'm telling you your real enemy
is that insane old man.
No way!
Now, his arm is flying
right to the back
of F.F.'s head.
[grunts]
-[both gasp]
-[Drake's Dream] Huh?
[Jolyne] There is no freaking
way that was a coincidence.
That inmate's glasses flew
straight at F.F.
and launched themselves
in her face?
Unfortunate direction.
[sighs]
I'm starting to understand.
It's Feng Shui in action.
It's geomancy
for the East Asians.
[Anastasia]
With that dragon Stand,
Kenzou can perfectly control
the direction of his attacks.
[Drake's Dream] F.F.,
next unlucky spot is here.
Right above your left ear.
Feel it?
Yes, that did just happen.
My Stand attack has merged
with the course of your death.
No! F.F.!
This is bad! Really bad!
-Don't touch them!
-[gasps]
There's no point.
The unlucky direction exists
in our bodies, too.
That can only mean one thing.
It means that once
the direction's chosen,
no organism
can defend themselves
or escape the cruel
inevitability of dying.
His next target will be...
you, Jolyne.
Hiyah!
[grunts]
You misunderstood.
When I said
this is bad just now,
it wasn't about
the giant hole in F.F.'s head.
To be totally honest,
the plain fact that
they're injuries and bleeding
is more of a relief.
[Jolyne] Here's the bad thing.
There's barely
any blood at all.
Her wounds are so severe
that there's not enough
fluids left to keep her alive.
All the F.F.s in her body are
almost completely wiped out.
Ugh, I'm so happy
none of it spilt.
But still,
that's unlucky for sure.
Huh?
What? Come back here, dragon!
How dare you?
Son of a--
[chuckles] You're losing
your touch, old man!
Never again!
[grunts]
I'll never be careless and
step away
from the safe direction again.
I knew better than that,
and I am better than that.
[F.F. breathes heavily]
Agh! Son of a... He got away
from me to a safe direction.
But still...
[F.F.] Speaking of directions,
I'm learning something
valuable here,
how I can best breach them.
A mirror!
I need a mirror right now!
If I can create
a mirror midair,
I can beam the dragon's
reflection off its surface,
and fool Kenzou into moving
away from his safe space.
That gives me
the perfect window
to beat up that
rotting bag of skin.
[breathes heavily]
What I need the most is water.
[grunts]
I can use water
to make a mirror.
Obviously, I need it to recover
from my injuries, too.
But the only way I can
possibly make a mirror midair
is if I can get some water.
[Kenzou groans]
In a not-so-distant past,
some 30,000 loyal disciples
of mine worshipped me,
eagerly learned my teachings
and rapidly followed
in my footsteps.
But not now! Ever since
being incarcerated here,
their love and loyalty
has turned into fueled disgust.
Everyone looked down on me,
laughed and turned away.
Even degenerates that
abducted children
and did unspeakable things
to them
saw me as beneath them.
Forty years...
[sniffles]
[Kenzou] Forty long hard years!
Honor!
It was true honor, I tell you.
Forty years ago,
I was at the top
of the world, a shining star.
[Kenzou] And my former glory
will return. I swear!
My wisdom on Feng Shui which
rendered me the only survivor
of that fire
appeared in the form
of a Stand.
As soon as I am floating here,
glaring at you,
people will soon
call me Founder once again.
And they will all follow me,
even if I never see outside
this prison again.
The only thing I have left
to do now is finish you off.
For the last time, you show me.
I command you now,
Drake's Dream.
You will show me
the precise direction
of my finishing attack.
Over there, F.F. On the
other side of the stairs.
There's a fire hose!
Run and grab it, hurry!
[breathes heavily]
Hey, asshole!
Instead of just standing there
watching and giving commentary,
you can help out F.F.
You're a Stand User, right?
The two of you can beat
that old bastard together.
[Anastasia]
I'll help if F.F. dies.
[gasps]
Before I came here,
helping F.F. was never
part of the deal.
The sworn agreement
was to protect only you.
And besides, F.F. said themself
not to step in for them.
They saw that you were injured
when we got here,
and asked me to protect you
from other dangerous enemies
who are still
in the punishment cells.
[gasps]
[F.F.] Oh, where is it?
I gotta get the water
running now.
Where the hell is the faucet?
[gasps]
Be careful what you touch.
This is your unlucky direction.
You must protect it fiercely.
Otherwise, its definite attack
will head your way.
There's no time to be doing
something silly like
drinking water.
-[gasps]
-[yells]
[gasps]
At her own will!
[screams]
F.F.! No! What are you doing?
Please, stop!
[Jolyne] An attack has already
been decided, get it?
This is not going
to end well for you.
Hiyah!
[gasps]
Hm?
[grunts]
-[gasps]
-Rather than a decided attack
or being led into bad luck,
it looks like more
than anything else.
What F.F. really needs
is water.
They purposely removed
their arms
to fit their body
into the hose.
Oh, they did it!
They managed to get--
[F.F. grunts]
This is your arm. Feng Shui
Assassination has now begun.
Ah, it's obvious
you wanted to
get some water and
clearly you need it,
but I'm delighted to
inform you
that nothing will go
your way anymore.
My attacks will continue
to become
your bad fortune
from here on out.
That's Feng Shui Assassination.
[Kenzou] Drake's Dream!
It's all pre-determined.
You can not stop destiny.
[gasps] They almost
got water, but then couldn't.
He won't even
let them touch it.
What's gonna happen now?
Directly beneath
the Discipline Cell here
is the execution room.
Remember, it's Florida!
Capital punishment is
a big thing here.
Two or three people every year
are executed by electrocution
in the chair
down in the basement,
and it uses 2,800 volts.
[gasps]
[groans]
[clanking]
[beeping]
Ugh! It sucks!
Can't believe I missed it!
I was so close to the water.
But I was able
to break the faucet off.
I'll just have to get
the water from up there now.
If... If things don't change...
-[gasps]
-[thuds]
[Anastasia] The planktons
would certainly
be annihilated in
less than a second.
[screams]
Oh, holy shit!
Is that the chair?
[screams]
-[beeps]
-[gasps]
What the hell?
It's counting down.
Is it already live?
Or does that mean
it turns on when it hits zero?
Not if I can help it, it won't!
[screams]
[Kenzou] I was curious.
After I unleashed my attacks,
what's the end
going to look like for you?
That situation...
Anyone could perfectly
predict what was
going to happen.
[F.F.] He could kiss my ass!
I'll get the water dripping
from above before that!
[tense music]
[yells]
[screams]
Looks like
it's already been decided.
You're supposed to be sitting
in that chair. Don't fight it!
[grunts, yells]
Hiyah! You'll never get
your water, so give up!
And the timing's
absolutely perfect.
[Kenzou] That precise time,
I'll be finishing you.
[gasps]
Oh, god! F.F.!
[Kenzou] Yes, the definitive
direction of attack
and a perfect direction
of protection.
Feng Shui Assassination.
It took 40 years to achieve,
but this can only mean
that I finally mastered it.
The Founder
has been resurrected at last!
With this, I'll go down
in history as a Buddha
equivalent in power
and glory to Shakyamuni.
[laughs]
I'm neutral, old man.
So, it's not like I'm gonna
help you out or anything.
But you see...
F.F. did manage to obtain water
mere moments ago
in fact, when you kicked them.
Wanna know how?
Because a 78-year-old like you
ran around hysterically,
you perspired abundantly
because F.F. made you
run around.
Your sweat's the water
they used, and you missed it.
Huh?
It appears that F.F.
can create mirrors using swea.
All it takes is about
a third of a glass
to make a functional one.
You provided
more than enough for them.
In other words, if you're
looking at a reflection of me,
that's not at all
your safe direction.
In fact, quite the opposite.
[grunts]
It's an official tie.
The only thing that
has sealed away
the perfect
Feng Shui Assassination
is a tie.
F.F. made their resolve
specifically for this.
[groans]
[F.F.] Take this
and choke on it!
If I can share
some bad fortune with you...
[voice shaking]
My safe direction!
[groans in pain]
Yeah! Right!
-[gasps]
-Well, it's over.
What's going to happen next?
You'll keep looking
for the bone, right?
That's really what
you should be focused on now.
[Anastasia] Silver lining.
At least, there's no way
Kenzou's
Feng Shui Assassination
can attack you anymore,
despite the sacrifice for it.
We know it was indeed
an invincible Stand.
[gasps]
F.F.! No!
Preposterous.
Hey, Jolyne Cujoh, what do
you think you are doing?
The damage your body
has suffered
is far more severe and
extensive than you realize!
Also, you should know
by now that
the planktons inside F.F. were
already killed
by the 2,800-volt shock
through them.
You couldn't possibly
repair that.
[Jolyne whimpers]
[Jolyne] The dragon...
The dragon is still there!
So, if they let go
of Kenzou's hand too early,
I guess this happened because
planktons can't handle
electricity like humans can.
Kenzou, how is he still alive?
[chuckles]
[gasps]
What are you doing?
Are you trying to release
your Stand in your condition?
[Anastasia] Is the raw fury
of revenge's driving this?
We're not leaving him like
this. Let's end him right now!
[groans]
Stone Ocean!
[grunts]
-[groans]
-[grunts]
Nice try!
But you'll never hit me.
I'm going to annihilate you,
and then I'll be back
as the Founder at last.
I see, so that's how it is.
[Anastasia]
Now, it's patently clear.
That's his safe direction.
I understand.
You were trying to figure out
the place Kenzou
just escaped, too.
If you can track down
the actual safe spot that's
protected from all attacks,
then the F.F.s that scattered,
along with the sweat
that they used to create
the mirror
should still be safe
and intact there.
It should have been safe,
even from the 2,800-volt surge.
You attacked the old man
to find that exact spot.
[grunts]
[Jolyne] F.F. survived.
I fucking knew it.
Holy shit! That's amazing.
[groans]
Hey, Jolyne!
Do you truly think
you've beaten me?
You believe you can force me
to surrender with
that pathetic attempt?
I'm going to finish you off,
Jolyne Cujoh.
My plan to do so has
never wavered,
but you will never get away.
Do you refuse to see?
You're already lying
in the dead center
of the direction
of my Feng Shui Assassination.
There's no escape,
so you might as well give up.
[gasps]
[Jolyne] Stone Ocean's thread.
It's finding its way
inside the dragon.
My attack is imminent, woman.
Your bad fortune
is an absolute reality.
No matter what attack
I choose to use on you,
your demise has been chosen
and you cannot evade it.
[gasps]
[groans]
Yes, I won!
Bow down before me!
There's no change in reviving
the Founder, either.
Huh?
[groans]
[coughs]
Huh? Uh, hey!
I hit her, didn't I,
Drake's Dream?
All you have to do
is confirm it.
My instant dead kick,
it hit Jolyne, which means
my Feng Shui Assassination is
definite and true.
Speak, you silly lizard!
Am I right?
Yeah, your finishing blow
definitely smashed
right into her.
Then why is Jolyne
safe and sound down there
and I'm barely clinging
onto this railing
like a broken spider?
Huh?
Dragon, tell me
the safe direction now. Huh?
[yells]
Hey, wait, dragon! Come back!
Why are you drifting away?
Tell me my safe direction
and hurry up!
But why? Why aren't you coming
with me?
I'm the one who wants
to say those words, old man.
You're the one drifting away.
You're the one who
let go voluntarily
and started falling
to the ground.
You have no one to blame
but yourself, you fool!
[groans]
[Jolyne gasps]
[Kenzou yells]
[Kenzou stammers]
What are you doing to me?
I told you.
Give the direction to me!
And I told you, you're the one
drifting away from me, old man.
I can't help you.
By the way, about your legs,
they look very strange.
There must be something
terribly wrong with them.
When you were
kicking Jolyne before,
did they perhaps do something
to your legs?
What... What the...?
[Drake's Dream] What is that?
I know what Jolyne's
thread Stand looks like,
and that's not it.
Could it possibly be the Stand
that's emerging from
inside Jolyne is...
Diver Drive.
And I'm sure it dove
into her body itself.
See? If a particular attack
on Jolyne has been decided,
then that just means
I protect her
right when the kick lands,
no matter what.
[yells in pain]
Huh? What the hell
is happening? My legs!
[groans]
-[yells]
-[gasps]
[Jolyne] This man that F.F.
brought with them.
Anastasia.
He slipped his own powerful
Stand into my body,
and then,
it permanently destroyed
both of Kenzou's legs
like that.
He basically turned
his flesh and bones
into a giant pile of plasma.
Then, just as quickly,
he reassembled them
into functional springs.
A suspension of flesh and bone.
Kenzou doesn't feel pain
right now.
That goes for me, too,
because of the Stand that made
the prisoners and guards
fight each other.
Although...
[grunts]
[Kenzou screams]
[groans]
She's spared nothing,
even my hips!
Give me my safe direction,
dragon!
I can't reach!
Don't go that way!
[Jolyne] This guy is an ally?
A guy who would do
something so brutal.
I mean who is he, really?
That's it.
Yes, this is perfect!
You just keep looking at me
with those pretty eyes.
Don't take your eyes off of me.
[gasps softly]
Your safe direction
is northeast,
and your lucky color
is cerulean blue.
But I must inform you,
you're all out of chances.
In only a few minutes
of battle,
you've aged
exponentially further.
[whimpers]
[suspenseful music]
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]
Jolyne, are you okay?
Yeah, I just started
to feel a lot of pain suddenly.
But we need to find them now,
you know, the bone, and the
little guy that picked it up.
-[groans]
-Just wait a few minutes.
I'm gonna repair
your wounds now.
Yeah, but hurry!
We have to get it back
and fast!
[Jolyne] It has Dad's disc.
[beeping]
-[machine rumbling]
-[beeping]